Ali
I'm coming to get you.
What Ali is gone?
Yeah, not long ago.
Looking for my biological parents
I heard it's still rich
I don't know if it's going well or not
Wherever you are
I will definitely find you
You stinky beggar
Who's your mom?
Get out of here
Then look at me, I'm Ali's, let go
I've been a shady mistress for so many years
It's hard to become the Mrs. Su family
If you dare to mistake my big deal
I'll kill you get out
Medicine
beautiful woman
What are you doing?
Here comes a begging lunatic
I'm chasing people, wait a minute
Aunt May
I heard you were my dad's lover before
Private life has been messy
And a bastard was sent to the orphanage
Could it be him?